[XSUP-54866] - Bluecoat proxy content pack 1.0.7 has a broken data model (#41039)
demisto/content: Packs/SymantecBlueCoatProxySG/ReleaseNotes/1_0_8.md

#### Modeling Rules

##### Symantec BlueCoat ProxySG Modeling Rules

> - Updated the Symantec BlueCoat ProxySG Modeling Rules - Added the xdm.event.description field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Symantec BlueCoat ProxySG Modeling Rules by adding the xdm.event.description field.
```
